---
date: '2019-10-26'
title: 'Tehran - Rasht: 3:25AM, in a bus'
category: 'Sort'
tags: ['On The Road Againg']
banner: '/assets/bg/2.jpg'
draft: false
---

So, 3:25 AM, on a bus. When I finally can start writing my second blog post. It's a critical time here. They are talking about war and here I'm working for a remote web development team and can't exit country until I spend 2 years of my life in military service. No thanks :))
I like traveling with nice friends. Friends who let me explore. I'm having an unplanned trip with Sina the next month which we are going to the eastern part of Iran and try to see where we gonna end up after 2 weeks :)) I like to write blog posts every day at that trip. sure that gonna be a unique experience.

About my ongoing projects; my friend Saro and Pouya are working a Kurdish Teaching podcast for the Persian audience and I'm supporting them and exited till the finally publish it. Also, there is a new platform for RPGames borning, named "DeevHub" which I'm working on its front end. In the first phase, it's gonna be a campaign management service and we gonna add more features to it slowly.

Also these days I'm starting learning the new MIDI-Keyboard that I bought last month, using this app called "Simply Piano". It can use your mobile microphone to hear the piano or you can connect your MIDI-Keyboard directly by an OTG cable. It would let you practice on your muscle's memory and gain proficiency in playing songs. I may want to watch some course if any of you with enough experience recommend me one.

That's it :)) have a good week my friends!
